# ENHANCEMENT-OF-NXT-TRENDZ---PAYMENT-CCBP
 The goal of this enhancement project is to understand the existing Nxt Trendz code, and add the given functionalities within the existing Nxt Trendz code.  Your existing Nxt Trendz app, which you have developed, allows users to log in, search for your products, sort, filter, and add products to the cart.  Enhancement Functionality Functionalities to be added Add a Payment Popup feature to the application. A Popup should be displayed when a user clicks the Checkout button from the cart page. The Popup should include fields for the user to select one of the payment methods like Card, Net Banking, UPI, Wallet, and Cash on Delivery. Ensure all the options, except for Cash on Delivery, are disabled. The Popup should also include a summary, which displays the number of items and the total price the user will pay. The Popup should also have a Confirm Order button. If the Cash on Delivery payment option is not selected, the Confirm Order button must be disabled. Clicking this button will display a success message stating "Your order has been placed successfully". Ensure your application maintains good CSS styling. - For Popup Component, use React Popup - Use modal prop in Popup Component Setup Instructions Follow these steps before starting to code for this project. (**Important**) After setting up this project delete the README.md file in the CCBP IDE. Clone the existing Nxt Trendz code from your GitHub account to add new functionalities to it. If the existing Nxt Trendz code is not available in your git, push your code to git. Click here to learn how to push your code to git Once the code is pushed to git, clone it into this project using the below command. git clone {git repository URL} /home/workspace/reactjs/coding-practices/enhancementOfNxtTrendzPayment In the above command, replace this `{git repository URL}` with your actual Git URL. - Download dependencies by running `npm install` - Start up the app using `npm start` Cloning the existing Nxt Trendz repo is mandatory, as test cases are added for both the existing NxtTrendz App and the new functionality. These projects are introduced to help you prepare well for similar questions asked during interviews. Submission Form: Click the below button and submit your git URL and published URL of the current project SUBMIT **Follow the clean code guidelines**
